So, at this point inside of our CreateContact component,
what happens when we submit this form?
So, let's come in here and we'll put Tyler McGinnis,
and tylermcginnis, and we submit this.
The page reloads.
You'll notice what happens in the URL is we have this query parameter now,
avatarURL, which is nothing than the name and the handle.
So, the way that forms work in browsers natively,
is they'll grab the names of
these input fields and serialize the values inside of them into the URL.
So, we want to do the same thing but with JavaScript instead.
So, we're going to serialize the form and then call up to the app and say, "Hey!
We want to create this contact",
and then the app is going to handle saving the contact and adding it to our state.
So, this form's job is to simply call up with that information.
So, instead of having the browser take over this form when it gets submitted,
let's control that ourselves.
So, what we'll do is let's add a new prop up here on our form called onSubmit.
So, this will be invoked when this button is clicked.
So, then what we will say is let's call
the handleSubmit method that we can create right now.
So, inside of handleSubmit,
the very first thing we want to do is we want to tell the browser to prevent default,
which is going to prevent it from doing the thing which we just barely saw,
which is putting all of this in the URL.
So, let's go ahead and delete this,
and then we can see this in action.
So, we will enter a name,
as well as a handle.
Then, now when we click at contact nothing is happening,
but you'll notice that we're not throwing all of those query params inside of the URL.
So, now instead of having the browser serialize our form and throw it in the URL,
we want to do that ourselves and save it into an object.
So, what we can do is we can import serializeForm,
which is going to come from the form-serialize package.
Then, now inside of handleSubmit,
what we can do is let's make a brand new variable called values,
and then we want to invoke serializeForm passing it, our form,
which is going to be coming from event.target,
then we also want to say hash is going to be true,
so we will get back that object.
Now, what we can do is let's go ahead and take a look
at what this looks like by console.logging it.
So, let's open up our console, everything looks good.
Then, now what will do is we will enter in a name,
we will enter in a handle,
and then we want to add a brand new avatar.
Now, when we click at contact,
you'll see here that we now have an object which represents our form data.
So now at this point,
instead of just logging the values to the console,
what we want to do is we actually want to invoke a function that's going to be passed
as a prop to CreateContact with the specific values.
So, eventually, what's going to happen and eventually it's going to be in the next video,
is we are going to pass a prop called onCreateContact.
When we do that,
this function is going to expect to receive all of the values.
So, what we can do is we can say this.props.OnCreateContact passing it all of the values.
Then now at this point,
CreateContact is all finished.
What it's responsible for is getting all of the form data,
and then once the form is submitted it's just going to call whatever onCreateContact is.
OnCreate contact is eventually going to
decide what we'll get to actually do with the form.